sounds yelling dumb shooting in town
recording again by Just Cause read
English translated it is very good
Charles dingos choice I'd also like this
I'll w touch it that tastes like these
that's terrible that's absolutely
terrible no cast Sheva I'm Michelle what
huh my screen is gonna boost when you're
deaf and I'm gonna lose everything again
and we go after do it all over again
that meet Sophia behind the scenes
produced by Just Cause productions
senior testers why do they have seen
your testers AIDS oh look its last days
Honda how am IA ayumi honda by makati
very good visit ah she does not like one
of those touchy things whose little
games oh you mean a tamagotchi yeah I'm
ashamed to know that Charlie it's all my
name is couture my name is Joe know what
and vidya the ways meant to be played
until vaio car yeah Slav I comes right
home Vikon you gone wrong how many
fucking logos second have works on
everything these days / 50 everybody's
the havoc engine this is made in Japan
it's a major companion mighty tacticool
chef Han cup corn Japan thank you for
watching guys thank you for watching or
not ice again the fuck all right let's
see the final score oh oh oh yeah I got
one more eston you I do very bad little
girl yeah I do very bad we'll do it good
you backed up machine wow you
why you start whispering look I sorry I
said a monk oh we are cheap my shitty
wall I'm accuracy renew my name is just
an enemy who care I don't know why they
say routed enemies routed what what does
that mean enemy the enemies were routed
in 1969 I don't even where am I going
with this I don't know I just I just
don't know it's time to end it's not
dead laddie you go to kill make some
make some haggis lot mix some haggis
lady have an Amish breakfast yeah I miss
breakfast a foolish statutory iris don't
mess with me input Irish and the law
right now shut up stop come on alright
see you later good boy I love you all um
I'll see you next time oh no dice again
hey
haha okay okay we're done oh all right
let's go love you guys it was great